feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/google.mdx

---
title: Google

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Google.

```
